do you want to put more meetings from
today i'm joined by armand
farooq he's the director of sales with
carter and host of the 30 minutes
to presence club podcast we'll be
chatting through
the top ways to reach your ideal
customers and convert them into meetings
by cold calling
by emails and also utilizing linkedin
plus we'll
be running through killer cadences to
make it happen
and the mindset you need to adapt to get
more meetings scheduled in a diary so
with that said let's jump straight into
the episode
and roll the intro welcome to sam's
business growth show
i'm sam dunning additional marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
[Music]
business
oh man welcome to the show man how's it
going i am
thrilled to be here man and and i gotta
say you guys have had some stellar
guests so i hope i
don't horribly disappoint the audience
but we're going to try to keep it pretty
high energy exciting here so you guys
are in for a treat let's do it
cool dude so looking forward to jumping
right in and so as always there's a few
main things we want to cover but
i know you said just before we hit
record that you've got some pretty hot
prospecting tips that you're ready to
share with our viewers and our listeners
today
so we'll jump into that a little bit
later but before we get into those those
hot actionable tips
let's talk a bit a little bit more about
your story so a bit of background on
your mans
in terms of where you grew up how you
got into sales and a bit more about
some of the key places we've worked at
and if you could share one or two
actionable tips and sales business or
marketing that you picked up along the
way
that would be awesome man awesome let's
do it so quick background me i hate it
when people go for
20 minutes on their background i sold
insurance for two years which is where i
learned how to
hit the phones and brutal business i
left
and ran a startup for two years so i ran
my own company and i was mostly selling
the whole time
i worked in strategy and venture capital
for two years
and then i realized i missed being on
commissions and i found myself at a
company called
carta i started as an account executive
having a sales background and a startup
background we sell to startups
i did 225 of my number at the time
and it was largely because i was an
extremely strong prospector and i had
three times the pipe as anyone else
and they said take what you're doing
multiply it across 30 sdrs so i built
out the sdr team
and then that was going particularly
well quintupled the pipe gen
that that team was doing and then they
said take what you're doing and
now take over the smba e team so today i
oversee the sdrs
and the smba ease one funny story is
when
a lot of people want to like ask me when
i came to carta
how'd you get to 225 percent and
it's it's not really like i had the
venture background i was a structured
thinker a pretty anal
analytical approach but that my number
one tool was being able to hit the
phones
and where i learned to hit the phones
was when i was selling insurance
and i was about 20 years old at the time
and i was selling insurance and wealth
management plans
and i was trying to cold call law firm
partners
so people in their 40s and their 50s who
were making over a million bucks a year
and uh god knows you could never get on
the calendar
and so i was cold calling these guys and
i was like hey it's armand how's your
day going and
i would just get ruthlessly ripped apart
on the phones non-stop
and so this top producer who made
something like 2 million bucks a year
at northwestern mutual at the time he
came over to me he's like why the hell
would anyone take a beating with you
and i was like well thanks guy uh
i don't know i'm 20 years old i'm in
student debt i don't have any money and
i'm supposed to be advising these guys
on their finances
and he's like i'm not doing this to beat
you up man but you got to come up with a
reason
that they're going to want to meet with
you versus everyone else that's calling
them
and it's not how's your day going and so
he's like i work with
people in that office that you're
calling if i was you i would pick up the
phone
i would say hey i work with a couple
partners down the hall it's
brandon at northwestern have you heard
my name tossed around
and i was like okay well i don't have
clients in the office but can i just
bring you in on these deals
and you close them he's like absolutely
that's why i reached out because you're
good on the phones kid
but you got to change your opener and
you need a little bit of clout behind
you
and so all of a sudden i started picking
up the phones literally within the next
month i had meetings with 20 law firm
partners
closing massive insurance deals and that
was the story of how i learned how to
call
got it so this guy so basically he was
saying look you need a bit more clout
you need a better reason for calling for
people giving you
you their time on the phone and he said
that you needed to reference
um companies that they know companies
are in their vertical that your
your business is helping is that right
and it gives you a bit of background
gives you a bit substance
so let's unpack it because this is sort
of my notorious heard the name tossed
around
opener and so the way it starts is it
it's less about like
i'm gonna throw down logos it's less
about just like dropping clout in the
floor
it's about leading with context before
you introduce yourself
and then not asking how your day is
going but asking a different question so
let's start with first piece
first thing you're gonna do is when
you're researching your accounts you've
got your top five buyer triggers
okay maybe it's they just raised funding
maybe it's they grew 25 percent maybe
they're uh they're working with what
we're working with one of their
competitors
maybe they have a mutual investor with
us whatever that might be
okay then i'm gonna take that number one
buying trigger that i could find on that
account
and i'm gonna make that my opener in
short form and so
let's say for example that i work with
one of your competitors
i'm going to say hey hey mark i we we
work with
competitor x over here uh it's armand at
carta have you heard our name tossed
around
and so after i introduce the context
i'm going to get you to sit up for a
second because you're like okay you work
with one of my competitors or you work
with other people in my space
and then i'm going to say it's armada
carta have you heard my name tossed
around
and the have you heard my name tossed
around question is an assumptive ask
it's like
you've heard of us right even if you
don't have a product that's very well
known
that's fine nine times out of ten if
you're at a lesser known company or if
you're selling insurance like me
they won't have heard your name tossed
around but it's about having a dis
assumptive demeanor
and then introducing yourself at the end
versus if i said it's armada carta to
open the phones
i'm immediately a telemarketer and
they're going to hang up on me
got it got it so that's it's kind of
like a pattern interrupt
but something something different so
it's not something i've i've heard much
and yeah what what's the typical
reaction when you start this opener are
people a little bit
thrown back a little bit off put
yeah and they say it's armada card have
you heard my name toss around that
it it can go one of two ways it's either
yeah i i think i've heard of you guys
before or it can be like
no no it's disregarding okay and so
if it's no what's this regarding well
then i'm going to ask permission to tell
them why i'm calling so i'm going to say
hey can i get 27 seconds to tell you why
i'm calling and then you tell me if this
is
even moderately relevant for you guys
right the reason i reached out is
because we work with
other portfolio companies so i'm going
to be really heavy on context
then i'll go into my value prop if they
say yes
so have you heard my name testerone yes
i'm not going to go through the whole
dog and pony show of like
well the reason for my call is we're the
market leaders and this this and that
you know who we are
and so i'm going to ask you hey yeah
that's awesome man not shocked you heard
our name toss around we work with a
bunch of folks in your space
what'd you hear right like typically
customers at
your stage are frankly customers of ours
and so like could you give me a sense of
what you didn't like what you did like
and now my goal is to understand why
they didn't sign up in the first place
and have an organic conversation and it
feels like a conversation
as opposed to a pitch and an
interrogation
nice got it okay well that makes perfect
sense man
um and then in terms of so you said you
did 225 percent
over quota and that helped you to get
promoted to
directing the the whole bunch of 40 plus
sales team within the company
what else led to that so is it purely
that cold calling strategy that helped
you build up a solid pipeline or then
any other bits and pieces that went into
it
in terms of um making that happen yeah
so i tended to make my money on the
edges
and so prospecting and negotiation is
where i tended to do really well for
myself
and so other prospecting tactics is i
was really good on the phones
from an activity standpoint i was just
extremely consistent and so there was
never a week where i did not hit
a minimum of 200 dials literally if you
go back in my outreach activity every
single week
including the last week of the year and
the last week of the month and the last
week of the quarter there are 200
on the calendar and i would source eight
self-source meetings for myself a week
the second piece is this for those of
you guys who follow me on linkedin
i'm i'm a pretty good writer and so
the way that i craft my emails and my
cadences
was i mean the reply rates would just be
so much higher and i can go into like
how how i structure an email and what my
cadences are structured like if that
would be helpful
that'd be great man i mean on this show
we'd love to take the angle of digital
as well so the emails would tie in
nicely to that as i'm sure there's a lot
of
everyone tuning in that will perhaps not
getting the response weights that they
they would like
on email so that'll be an interesting
topic to discuss
totally so let's talk about the
structure of the cadence
so email to email and then let's talk
about
when you actually open the email what do
you see so email to email
typically i'm doing 10 to 14 touches
typically two email touches to one phone
touch so typically
say two-thirds email one-third phone mix
in some linkedin in there
over about 30 to 45 days okay and so if
you you sort of map that out
it ends up being about an email and a
call a week
right i you're not allowed to send any
more than two
emails in a week at that point you're
just blasting them and you shouldn't
even send two emails per week two weeks
in a row okay
so that's the cadence email to email
space them out about four days apart
lead with an email on the first touch
then call them on the second touch and
follow up with an email right away
you always call that email the reason
you called an email is you leave a
voicemail
you send them that email the moment they
check their inbox after they heard your
voicemail the email's at the top
okay so don't just like call somebody
and then three days later send them an
email
tie the two together lock in step okay
the second thing is what are the topics
from email to email
your first email is your opener with
your number one
buying trigger that you found in your
research and how you solve that specific
problem
you do not need a bullet pointed list of
all the clients you have
all the problems you solve you need one
problem that you believe they have
the second email is a quick follow-up
thoughts
and just before we move on could you
give us a quick run-through of what that
first email might look like um from a
basic
high bill research like i said
100 so give me one second we'll go into
that email specifically right after it
let me just lay out the
whole structure okay and so i'm going to
hit that one problem
quick bubble up and then the next three
or four touches over email are just
going to be the number two number three
number four
number five buying triggers that i found
so don't hit them with everything at
once
change the topic of the email each then
hit your breakup email at the end
okay uh so let's hit on that first email
i'm super super finicky on email
structure
okay so let's talk about subject lines
in that first subject line
let's say i've got my number one buying
trigger i'm not going to be putting in
like
do you want more leads or something
super advertising
or the market leaders in equity
management i'm gonna put that first
buying trigger
in the subject line and so
if it's they just raise around on
funding i'm gonna put congrats on the
round
comma we work with some of the folks in
your space right something super short
if you can fit it in four to five words
in under that's ideal
and we go inside of the email every
single cold email that i've ever sent
you could pick it up on your phone and
you would be able to read the whole
message on your phone
okay you don't have to scroll and so i
call it the three by three rule
okay so no more than three bodies of
text
three lines each when read on your phone
it looks really really really
clean and so the way that's structured
is
context value ask
context to your question earlier is that
first buyer trigger
so inside of that email contacts is i'm
gonna you're gonna open the email
because of that contact subject line
and that first line is gonna be congrats
you guys grew by 20 percent
we worked with customers like x and y
who were in a similar position we worked
with soy lent or
we worked with at door dash when they're
at a similar stage you guys are on a hot
track that's awesome man
full stop next paragraph
the reason i'm reaching out is because
typically when you are having
context like above then
x problem tends to happen okay so
typically when you're growing this
quickly your payroll tends to become a
super manual process things tend to go
wrong you have more employees that are
pissed at you whatever your problem is
okay it's not your value problem yet i'm
tying
the context to the problem that people
typically have
associated with that context and then
after that
all i'm saying is we automate that we
get rid of that problem
and then the last paragraph is a simple
ask can i
take five minutes to see if this is even
a moderately relevant problem for you
and if we can be helpful unless the
email short
nice man so where did you learn this
three by three rule was it from
vigorously testing yourself
after years of cold emailing back and
forth and not getting further or is it
some something someone told you or
a bit of both yeah so the problem with
the internet is it's like this it's like
the chat
it's like the comment section in a
youtube video it's like where where all
intelligence goes to die sometimes and
anybody that they want that wants to
have some sort of thought out there
can post an email drip cadence like some
guy who sold
pipes in 1975 is gonna post an email
cadence even though he never actually
used something called outreach or sales
loft
and so i i would read all these
different cadences
and some of them i would try them and i
would be like this is
junk or you'd read these books and it's
like guys where did you come up with
this stuff
and so i tried like everything i tried
the j barrows email cadences which i
think are
some of my personal favorite ones i've
tried the hubspot cadences
and what i found is when i tested
multiple approaches
the shorter emails always had a higher
response rate
and a higher positive response rate and
the more conversational i could get in
the tone
of those emails the more likelihood i
would have to book a meeting with those
folks
and i tested the spacing i tested the
subject lines
outreach has some phenomenal
functionality where you can do this
stuff and if you're not testing what
you're doing then you're just shooting
in the dark
is that a tool that you'd recommend
anyone tuning in that thinking they
could up their like email cadences or
their cold email game
that should totally they should be
investing in
outreach sales loft if you don't have
one of the major sales automation tools
you guys are missing out
you got to propose it to your sales
leader it unfortunately it's an
it's an expensive tool so you're gonna
have to make a case for it but i can do
three times the work and just as much
tailoring as you can
being one body with one of those tools
got it man okay so that's that's the
typical framework you
use to generate meetings and get those
all booked in
um are there any other tools we talked a
bit about the phone we've talked a bit
about
email and cadences and combining the two
um are there any
any other platforms or channels that you
like to use online to get meetings
booked to generate pipeline
yeah so i have some tricks inside of
salesforce
that are somewhat underutilized and so
everyone knows like you first come on
the sales floor and everyone says why
don't you run a closed lost
report which means show me all the
opportunities that were lost
by another rep at some point and let me
call on those folks and
and everybody's doing that what i
suggest you guys do instead is you can
get
really really creative with the
salesforce reporting
and so for example if you're pulling in
activity from customers in the sales
force and you have all their emails down
you can run a report that says show me
all emails that came in
about six months ago or between six and
twelve months ago
that say six months in the email
which means when you open up those
customer emails it
probably means they said call me back in
six months so we call it activity-based
reporting
right i can uh search for all the
customer accounts
that had at any point in time have
emailed us
back and so i can look for that bracket
in in the email and that's gonna tell me
that these people will actually reply
and so get really really crafty and
creative
with being able to scrub activities in
salesforce instead of peeling through
one account at a time
nice okay so essentially going through
deals that might have been closed last
filtering them to actually having that
granular six month time frame in there
and then do you just do you just put
them through the same cadence in terms
of reworking them or
so pick your top couple of triggers pick
your top
couple of situations for example if
somebody if we've
closed lost the deal on the past i've
got my closed loss cadence
if somebody's part of a certain
investor's portfolio
i have a an investor specific sequence
right so come up with your top
i don't know 9 10 verticals or things
that you go after
different personas if that's your shtick
and then create a different different
cadence for each of them
got it got it and in terms of research
arland
so we mentioned that you bring in the
context you bring the value for example
if you're reaching out to
a business uh a vpsl marketing director
whoever you're reaching out too cold
you're doing a bit of research like they
might have just
won a certain round of funding they
might just had a new business win they
might have just done something that's
relevant to your industry how much time
should we be spending on this kind of
research and is there
platforms that are best it can be doing
yeah
so there's account level research and
then there's contact level research
so account level research are things
that i can tailor for the enti every
person at the company right
and so if they just raised a new round
that's not like only the cfo
that that applies to it applies to the
ceo the cio etc
and so the company level research is
really industry specific so for example
we
we go after the venture space uh we're
we're using like crunchbase we're using
pitchbook
uh we're using linkedin to understand
how how much employee
growth they've had for your space if
you're selling like
i don't know erp you're selling to
public companies you're selling to the
fortune 500
now you're reading 10ks now maybe you're
using a solution like bloomberg instead
of
one of the other ones that we're using
and so that one's a little bit tougher
it's industry specific
at the contact level i mean it's almost
always
linkedin and zoom info for us so i'm
going to find the contact info
info through zoom info and then i can
piece together three four things based
on what you've liked or commented on
on linkedin alone like nine times out of
ten i can find something to mention
whether it's the alma mater
whether it's you've worked at a current
at a you've worked
at a previous job where that custom that
that company was a customer
i can stitch together three or four
things based off your linkedin
anything more than that unless it's a
big public company and you want to read
like the ceo's section
on the 10k anything more than that like
you're gonna spend way too much time
researching accounts
so know your sources before you actually
start researching
and know exactly what you're looking for
between before you open
one data provider at all awesome man and
that aside
are there any other channels that you
tap into for example some of the guests
on the show
have said that linkedin for example
direct message
videos their personalized videos are a
great way to set new meetings or audio
messages or things like that so is there
anything else that's slightly unusual
that you've had success with you
recommend
that people get into yeah so inside of
the cadences
on my second touch i typically like to
weave in a linkedin connection
okay and then around the fifth or sixth
touch
i usually like to have a linkedin direct
message
uh to the people who have accepted
because in males they tend to get lost
you only get like 30 or 60 of them
a month or something like that so you're
actually capped because linkedin doesn't
want you spamming so many people
and so i'm gonna try to get people to
accept first through some calls through
some emails
and then through a warm connection and
if that doesn't
work honestly like the if you if you're
in a high velocity prospecting
environment i have yet to seen somebody
really really scale phenomenal usage of
video
across 200 contacts a week like that's a
lot of talking at a screen
isn't it so what i do prefer is i'm
going to hit you with the connection
and then the dm on step six or seven and
then when you give me an objection
when i know you're willing to reply if
you give me any signal of warmth
instead of replying to not interested
with a text response
i'm going to record a video and that's
money handle your objections over video
now that you've got somebody to reply
now that you've got somebody's eyeballs
on you
that's an awesome tip man
nice mix it up a bit cool okay we've
covered some some great
great angles in terms of prospecting now
in terms of habits
and mindset man so being able to to hit
such big quotas and anyone that's
generally set themselves a target for
the week for the month of the year
is there a certain mindset of certain
habits that you'd recommend people adopt
to actually make these things happen
yeah you want to hit on the morning
routine let's do it
all right you guys have probably been
talked to death about morning routines
and i'm going to give you guys one that
doesn't include all the stuff around
meditation and all that stuff so
you can this is this is what i do to get
hot in the morning
and so here's how i plan my day is my
philosophy is that if
the first thing that you do when you get
out of bed is start getting ready for
work
you are starting your day on somebody
else's terms most people
start their day getting out of bed
to start their day at the latest
possible time so that they don't get
fired they're not
late for a client's meeting their baby
isn't crying in their face their spouse
isn't mad at them
their kids aren't late to work or to
school and that's a huge problem
and so for example every day of the week
this week
uh with the exception of today because
we've had this really early podcast
i've woken up at 5 30 a.m and nobody's
telling me to wake up at 5 30 am
but the first thing i'm going to do is
i'm going to get up and i'm going to
wash my face and brush my teeth and just
freshen up
i'm going to sit right back down and i'm
going to read for 30 minutes and i'm
going to read whatever the heck i want
all right i'm a big tim ferriss fan i'll
read four hour work week sometimes it's
sales book my favorite is gap selling
sometimes it's a book about management
sometimes it's a book about
harry potter or whatever you want right
so i'm going to read for 30 minutes and
i'm going to just focus on me
hey my girlfriend's still asleep at this
time meanwhile
i'm drinking my pre-workout and i'm
getting ready to go to the gym and go
work out and now some of the gyms are
opening up thank god
if not that's your home workout okay and
so that's 6 a.m
around 6 a.m i'm starting off the
workout around 7 it's done i'm showering
i'm getting ready
i've got an hour of runway to just do
me before i get in the office and so
that might be editing a podcast that
might be thinking through my next big
thing
that might be thinking through my
marketing strategy that might be writing
a linkedin post
but by the time that 8 30 hits the bell
and i'm ready to rock or 8 a.m or
whenever my first meeting is
i've already had two hours of me time
and i'm just heating up
everybody else is just trying to wake up
right now and i've already had my
workout i've already done my
professional development
and i'm ready to lock and load and hit
the phones got it
awesome man so making sure you're
setting that time not leaving everything
to the last minute it sounds like
and you've already done a bit reading
you've done a bit of work out and
yeah it's ready to rock and roll and
what about
mindsets so you you said for example you
were you were sitting around eight
meetings per week 200 or so dials
you've run us through the cadences to to
maintain
these these figures these stats how do
you do it how do you keep the minds how
do you keep positive
how do you keep making that happen yeah
so the biggest thing is like again i'm
going to start my morning
in a way that's going to try to make me
feel unstoppable and then when i'm high
on that energy it goes into the daily
routine
so that was the morning routine but the
daily routine i'm a big fan of what i
call eating the frog
okay so if i put a frog in front of you
right now and i tell you to eat it
the longer you look at that thing the
less appetizing it's going to look
and the more you're going to want to not
do that and so what i do is the moment i
get in 8 a.m
8 30 whatever i'm going to clear my
inbox because some people say like oh
don't look at your email ever
i got to clear it out in the morning
because the customer might want a
contract right
that's going to take me 8 to 8 30 8 30
to 9 30 boom i'm on the phones
okay i'm doing what everybody else
doesn't want to do everybody's chatting
around they're having their coffee
they're making their avocado toast
they're having a good time
no no we're on the phones 9 30 is done
everybody's else is just heating up
getting ready for their customer
meetings i've booked two meetings
in the morning 8 a.m 8 30 a.m
to 3 4 p.m those are my golden hours
okay and so i have blocks two dial
blocks a day
and a litany of customer meetings in
between
typically one dial block in the morning
first thing in the morning
one dial block right after lunch so i
can get on my feet and moving again
and then from three to five or from four
to six
that's when i'm doing all of my admin so
i send all of my recap emails
in the afternoon i don't think you need
to do this the minute after the
interview
i do all of my confirmations for the
next day
at the end of the previous day i do all
of my pipe reviews
twice a week at the end of the day and
then
if there's time left i always carve out
one to two hours
to prospect and do one piece of the
prospecting cycle
and that means not cold calling it means
like finding accounts
researching accounts teeing up the
contacts teeing up the cadences
teeing up the emails so that all that
stuff gets done in the non-golden hours
so that the moment 8 a.m hits tomorrow
i'm live
and you gotta defend your calendar and
that's how you get it done
awesome so it sounds like a heck of a
lot of preparation
getting things ready and that way you're
not stressing out when it comes eight
day nine o'clock and you've got
you're already ready to go in your case
already on the phones and setting
meetings
yeah there's no decision fatigue around
okay i have an empty hour here what do i
do now my day is planned the day before
so i can literally just live out of my
calendar and tunnel vision that's how
you manage so many balls in the air
is you manage one at a time very
efficiently
got it got it man and anyone that's
tuning in right now
and it might be a sales rep it might be
marketing or they might even run their
own business
that's just struggling and just thinking
that i'm not quite getting as many
meetings or as many demos
or as many consultations booked every
week as i should be
have you got one or two pro tips that
they might not have yet thought about
we've not yet
discussed that can help them just get to
that next step
in terms of getting in front of
conversations and negotiating the
conversations what do you prefer
yeah yeah let's say again getting in
front
yeah so getting in front of the
conversations the biggest
so the devil's in the details right i'm
telling you this phone opener
i'm telling you this these email
structures but how you actually do it is
the devil and the details
and so if we go back to the emails what
i urge you guys to do
is i get outreach all the time where
people are like
typically a vp of a director of sales
like you wants more leads
we give you more leads and i'm like guys
that's not specific enough i need
something that's a really really really
raw contextual problem and so this comes
from a guy named jason bay
as you think of that first problem that
second problem that third problem
go listen to your call recordings go
listen to the customers who had the
biggest problems who are the most
specific who you did your best discovery
on
okay and so for example if i'm selling
in
some sort of accounting system i might
say a problem as specific as like
hey man typically when you get to a
company of your size uh
we have customers who have an issue
where their bank account
amount doesn't tie to how much money
they have in quickbooks
and so when they go to pay payroll
they're overdrafting their bank
and the next thing you know they look
like a fool in front of their employees
right i'm not assuming that happens to
you guys but we tie it all together
and that's how specific you need to get
you need to use
their words not your words if you can do
that
and talk in their voice and not give a
about yourself but give a
about them
that's where you really start to make
the money and get those reply rates up
nice man so getting really really
specific in depth and
it sounds like talking to your customers
to understanding exactly how you've been
helping them
the issues they you helped them solve
and then converting that into an email
that
corresponds it reads well to to the
prospects to who you want to connect
with
you got it awesome man well we've
covered some fantastic things today
and i'd like to ask everyone that comes
on this show if you could thank just one
person
either dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be
and why oh yeah so this would
we drive each other crazy but this would
be my my business partner my
my podcast partner nick zigelski that he
we were we were startup founders
together we were
college wrestling teammates together he
prevented me from quitting the team
i was about to quit the team just
because i wasn't feeling it i wasn't
i was super detached from the campus i
didn't feel like i had a sense of
community i was going to leave the
school
in general and he was the one who
invested in me and got me to come back
to the team
i forced him to go into sales and then
when i was in venture he pulled me back
into sales
and the next thing you know we invest in
real estate together we run a podcast
together
you need somebody in your life who is
always trying to get one step ahead
and is trying to pull you along with
them and we're always
one-upping each other you gotta find
that business partner in your life
who's always gonna take you to the next
level you gotta stop hanging out with
those deadbeat friends and you gotta
start finding people who are gonna push
you to that next level
love that man well everyone you've been
tuning in to sam's business growth show
where we sit down with business leaders
business experts and entrepreneurs from
around the globe
we found out their story how digital
marketing's helped along the way and
they're exclusive tips and insights to
help you skyrocket your sales
and your business um our man tell us a
bit more about how people can connect
connect with you how people can learn
with you and and the best way to get in
touch with your good self
definitely and so the the first way is
find me on linkedin
it's just there's only one of me armand
ferogas it's a weird name so
find me on linkedin make a lot of
obnoxious sales posts on linkedin as
well
the other way you can find me is a 30
minutes president's club it's our
podcast
it's all no-nonsense actionable sales
tactics if you liked what you heard here
and how i break it down you'll probably
like that if you think i'm really
annoying you probably won't like it
and so check it out if you like this
episode nice one dude guys make sure to
follow his podcast follow amanda on
linkedin oh man thanks so much for
coming on man
awesome cheers are you tired of
constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because
your website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts